Look, this is real simple.
You make the run,
you get Verone and
his cash together,
so I can move in
for the bust.
You don't, I'll file
enough charges on both
of you to make you disappear.
Take these.
We're gonna have GPS on you
the whole time so you don't
get any cute ideas.
And to make sure
nothing happens
to them, right?
Yeah, right.
That guy's a dick, man.
Let me get this right.
If we don't do this,
then we go to jail.
But if we do it, then
Verone's going to kill us.
It's a hell of a deal, huh?
Yeah.
Maybe it is.
I know this guy's got an ass
full of loot that he's ready
to dump in our cars.
And I can think of two reasons
why Verone doesn't need that
money any more.
Here we go.